gh-132467: Add test case to check whether GenericAlias instance is not class, update docstring of `typing._GenericAlias` (#133504)
python/cpython: Doc/library/stdtypes.rst

   >>> type(l)
   <class 'list'>

> Additionally, instances of ``GenericAlias`` are not classes at runtime, even though they behave like classes (e.g. they can be instantiated)::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instances of ``GenericAlias`` are not classes at runtime, even though they behave like classes (they can be instantiated and subclassed)::
```

> Additionally, instances of ``GenericAlias`` are not considered to be classes at runtime, even though they behave like classes (e.g. they can be instantiated)::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, instances of ``GenericAlias`` are not classes at runtime, even though they behave like classes (e.g. they can be instantiated)::
```
